chore(docs): Add desugaring and plugin config to Android UI component setup steps (#3976)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/connected-components/liveness/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-android.mdx

These autogenerated files can be safely deleted — this should be a one-time fix after `amplify add api` and `amplify push`. To read more, check out: [Configure Amplify API Android documentation](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/restapi/getting-started/q/platform/android/#configure-api)

### (Android-specific) `NoClassDefFoundError: Failed resolution of:`
Potential error: `java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: Failed resolution of: Ljava/time/Duration;`
or `Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: Didn't find class "java.time.Duration"`

> This is caused by not adding desugaring to allow support for Java 8 features, which is required on certain lower Android versions.  To fix:

Reviewer: Is this still correct? Trying to make it more specific

```suggestion
This is caused by not adding desugaring to allow support for Java 8 features, which is required on Android version 8 and lower.  To fix:
```
